import sys
print(sys.executable)
to print exe running file 
which in this case the python path
https://www.codingforentrepreneurs.com/projects/setup-python-and-django-windows/create-and-activate-virtual-environment-pipenv

python -m pip install pipenv install
OR
python -m venv env
or
mkvirtualenv


installs pipenv module to manage virtual enviroments 
pipenv installs scripts in another location and creates a pip file that tells us what packages are installed activate by a command named shell inpower shell
venv  and virtualenv dont they put all these in disignated folder  activate using activate and also some times use freeze to know what virtual enviroment is running
 .\Scripts\activate
 env\Scripts\activate
You can also export the list of packages in an environment to a file, then include that file with your code. This allows other people to easily load all the dependencies for your code. Pip has similar functionality with pip freeze > requirements.txt.
conda env export
conda env export > environment.yaml
pip freeze > requirements.txt
python -m pip install django
django-admin startproject mysite
creats a website project inside our solution 
and each project consists of apps 
python manage.py startapp hello
i.e the solution folder contains eviroments and django libaries similar to .net framework libaries 
the project then apps 
my site is your first app and is your primary app all thats is going to do is point to all your other apps 
on explorer bar at any directory type cmd to open cmd in your place 
python manage.py runserver
"hello\index.html"
you can use just index.html but in case you have multiple indexe pages 
so you create a folder named hello then index in it in a template folder 
Ctrl+K Ctrl+T
create a templates folder and then a folder by the name of the app
and put your templates there i.e html files
create a static folder that contains css files

in models pk means primary key
conda list lists packages installed

conda upgrade conda
conda upgrade --all
python manage.py check
python3 manage.py shell
migrate, which is responsible for applying and unapplying migrations.
makemigrations, which is responsible for creating new migrations based on the changes you have made to your models.
sqlmigrate, which displays the SQL statements for a migration.
showmigrations, which lists a project’s migrations and their status.
{{ forloop.counter }} index starts at 1.
{{ forloop.counter0 }}

python manage.py createsuperuser
python manage.py inspectdb > models.py to do database first modeling
pip install -r requirements.txt
to host you need to 
python manage.py collectstatic
and set folder to staticfiles
remove cached and re ignore
git rm -r --cached .
git add .
git commit -am 'Removed files from the index (now ignored)'
# ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'pip' Error:
python -m ensurepip
